### Pure Writer desktop Privacy Policy

#### Software Information

Pure Writer desktop is a writing app that pursues non-loss and reassurance, featuring extremely fast startup speeds and a smooth writing experience.

#### Basic Statement

Pure Writer desktop does not collect your private information. It only queries the following contents unrelated to your personal information:

* Error logs: Relevant code stack information automatically generated by the system when the app crashes. We automatically report it to our server via the internet.

#### Copyright of Works

Pure Writer desktop is merely a creative tool. The works you create in it **completely belong to you personally**, and you also fully own the copyright, authorship, and other rights of the works.

#### Permissions Requested

Pure Writer desktop will automatically create a folder named 'Pure Writer' in your system's Documents folder, where it will store your database and some backup files. It won't read any of your other files except for this folder.

#### Article Data and Backup

By default, Pure Writer desktop does not automatically perform cloud backups. Pure Writer desktop only supports third-party cloud storage as your cloud backup space. Pure Writer desktop does not provide official cloud backup disk services. Therefore, you can set your OneDrive or Dropbox, etc., in Pure Writer desktop as the cloud backup service space. Pure Writer desktop will strictly encrypt and transmit your article backups to your cloud storage via HTTPS. Due to the security of HTTPS itself, no one can intercept and view the content during transmission, and your content can only be seen by you on your cloud storage, or pulled and viewed in Pure Writer desktop. **Apart from you, including the developers, no one can see your backups and article contents**.

#### Updates to This Policy

We may modify and update this privacy policy from time to time. You can visit this page at any time to check the latest version of the privacy policy.

#### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this policy, or encounter any problems and suggestions while using Pure Writer desktop, you can send an email to writer@drakeet.com. We will do our best to serve you.



Published Date: Dec 11, 2024
Effective Date: Dec 11, 2024
Update Date: Dec 11, 2024

Drakeet, Inc.
