### [Pure Writer](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.drakeet.purewriter) - Auto Bakup & Cloud Backup Tutorial

Note: This tutorial is very easy. For a foolproof backup, please be sure to give it a try.

#### Auto Backup

By default, once your article content changes and you leave Pure Writer, Pure Writer will automatically back up all your articles, timepieces, etc., which will be stored in your phone's built-in storage `backups` or Under the `backups/PureWriterAutoBackups` directory. Even if you remove the reinstalled Pure Writer, you can still go to **Pure Writer - Settings - Backup** page Click **Restore Backup** to restore your previous backup.

This native automatic backup cannot be turned off, otherwise Pure Writer will not be able to guarantee your text security. But you can rest assured that Pure Writer will not back up indefinitely and cause your phone's remaining storage space to shrink. It will help you automatically maintain 25 of the latest automatic backup files, and the old backup version will be deleted. Of course, you can manually click on Pure Writer's **immediate backup** and the resulting backups will not be included, they will be permanently stored on your phone unless you delete them yourself.

Manual Click **Backup Now** The resulting backup is in the `backups` directory, and the backups generated by the automatic backup are in the `backups/PureWriterAutoBackups` directory.

#### Cloud Backup

Pure Writer also supports **Cloud Backup**. If you set up cloud backup, even if your phone is lost or you erase all the contents of the phone because of flashing, you can still restore your previous cloud by reinstalling Pure Writer and logging in to the cloud backup account. Back up content.

On the Pure Writer ** Settings - Backup & Cloud Backup** page, you can use the Dropbox or WebDAV Cloud Hard Drive account as the target network drive for cloud backup. It is recommended to use **Dropbox**, click on this item to log in to your Dropbox account, it's very easy. Since then, nothing has been lost.
